♫ Only You!  You! Only You!  ♫
♫  You! My heart beats and I can't say anything  ♫
♫  I only look at you like this. Only you! ♫
♫ You! Only you!  ♫
♫ You! With a fluttering heart, I will approach you ♫
♫ Open your heart a little bit to me ♫
[Oh My Baby]
Oh, so pretty!
Why are they all so cute?
I'm not gonna fall for it.
What are you mumbling by yourself?
Mom, you're doing a circus instead of aerobics?
I dress fancily to show other people. How do you not know?
- Why are you here?
- Madam Lee.
- Let's go have fun.
- If I go, what are you going to buy for me?
Just go change your clothes and come back.
You must change!
Oh!
Let's buy more! You bought a lot already!
Oh my, come here!
Ever since I was young, I always suspected my birth.
I was right. My real mom wouldn't do this.
If I wasn't your real mom, would I have bought you these expensive and pretty clothes?
How is it so luxurious and gorgeous? It looks so good on you.
It's fine. It'll make me feel sorry.
I bought it because I feel sorry.
What happened to make you suddenly buy all these gifts for me?
Did you cause an accident?
No, what accident would I cause?
Why would you not cause an accident? You're going to be 40 soon, you should go around and cause accidents.
You're uselessly so straight-laced.
Seriously.
Ah. I should properly make an accident.
Mom, you can't say anything different later.
Promise me. Here, stamp it.
What promise? What's with you?
I made a big resolution.
You should cooperate.
Hey. Hey, hey.
Will you please not fight today? I personally baked you homemade cookies.
- Wow, you know how to bake cookies?
- Sit.
Did you make them from dirt?
Contrary to what you look like, you sure have a picky palate.
Hey, let's order pig feet.
What a load of pig feet. She said it's a special party.
- Order chicken.
- I came to have fun after three months.
I haven't had fun for six months.
I, since a few months ago, wanted to eat pig feet.
Every day, I made a promise to myself that
I'd eat pig feet for dinner.
After cleaning the house, taking care of the kids, cooking dinner for my husband,
and eating the leftovers from the kids, I don't feel like eating.
So I haven't eaten pig feet till now.
After three hours, I'll be back to the world without pig feet.
- Order pig feet.
- Yeah, pig feet.
Yeah, order some chicken.
Why are you close to someone like this? He makes me so annoyed!
No, we knew each other first. You butted in.
You're really annoying.
Why is she being like that? Am I polarizing?
- Don't mess with her. She's raising twin boys.
- Right, right, right.
Are you an alcoholic?
I think so. He got divorced.
I can hear everything.
- Hey, order some pig feet.
- Chicken, chicken!
- Pig feet. Pig feet!
- Chicken! Order chicken.
- Pig feet.
- Chicken.
- Pig f—
Be quiet.
I have an important announcement to make before ordering pig feet and chicken.
Here, fill your glasses.
This party is a celebration of the beginning of the second phase in Jang Hari's life.
I, Jang Hari, have decided on singledom.
Why do you guys have no reaction?
Whether you make it a formal or an informal announcement,
that's not something that you can control.
Look at me. I was single my whole life.
Who would have known I would end up like this after a cup of coffee?
Why announce it? Even though you made up your mind, you can't get married.
Why? Because of the blind date?
That only ended because we both agreed we weren't a match for marriage.
Can't you remember? Did you forget?
You never had love cells in the first place.
Do you remember?
Captain Jang?
Chief, why are you here?
I had some business here. I was going to contact you.
Ah, you're with your boyfriend. I was about to make a mistake.
He's just a friend. My mother's friend's son.
- Is that right? Hello.
- Do you...
Do you have time during the weekend?
I got tickets to a musical. Would you like to go together? I'll buy you delicious things.
Tomorrow's the deadline, so please go with someone else.
The tickets are until the end of this month, so are you available then?
If I promise and not go, I'll feel bad. By the way, the official document has been updated. Have you looked at it?
I will check with Deputy Kim. Just now,
the person-in-charge changed.
Goodbye.
What...
He just asked you out on a date, you poop-head!
When will you become a human?
That's why I hated setting blind-dates for you.
I didn't know anything then.
No... your DNA is messed up.
Okay, I agree. I can't date.
Marriage? I'm not doing it because I can't. So what if I can't?
There are so many more things a person can't do than do.
Then, why did she try so hard?
Okay, okay!   You did well.
Even if you get married, you either hold a rag or dishcloth in your hands.
Just live like how you are right now: one hand with a laptop and the other with delivery takeout.
Yeah, thanks for the sincere words of encouragement.
I... actually have something to tell you.
Right, I got too much congratulatory money from you.
Okay. I'll buy you a gift as a remembrance of your misfortune. If you need anything, tell me.
Fine, forget about it. That's not important...
Just take it. You're not gonna be able to get it until you die so you should just take it.
Just be quiet. You're going to get hit if you keep messing with me.
So...
I... um...
- But did you order pig feet or not?
- I told her to order chicken first.
Hey. Let's quickly have some pig feet.
- Hey, pig feet.
- It's chicken today!
- Hey. Hey. Hey.
- Pig feet first. Pig feet.
- Hey! Hey! Hey! Shut up! Shut up!
- I understand...
No matter how many times I tell you, how...
[Episode 3]
[Like a kid, even though I'm 39]
[Endometriosis of the uterus]
[Pregnancy of endometriosis patient: artificial insemination and test-tube procedure]
[The probability of natural pregnancy...]
[The probability of natural pregnancy...15% chance]
[4. Ethical Issues]
Single women cannot get infertility treatments (IVF).
It's possible for women who are cohabiting, but you need a guardian's consent to receive sperm from a donor.
Then the method that I can be pregnant within six months is...?
Well, you can go out, find a man to marry and have a baby with, or
if you don't marry...
then there's only that option that you grab any man and get pregnant naturally.
If I conceive a baby without telling the man that I don't know,
if he finds out that I tricked him and had a baby...?
That's a drama that I like.
In our country, there is no method for an unmarried woman to obtain a sperm donor.
There aren't a lot of donors, so it's even hard for married endometriosis patients.
I'm also an endometriosis patient.
There is no donor, so you have to find him yourself.
Find him myself?
As I said. Find him yourself.
[Ethical Controversy]
[One World]
Yeah?
Why haven't you been picking up? I called you multiple times.
Did you move in well?
Yeah.
Wednesday, next week, is the death anniversary.
I know.
You're coming, right?
Yeah.
Be sure to come, Mom is expecting you.
Hari.
Is it still embarrassing to see me?
No, I'm very comfortable.
Is that so? Me too.
Why? What? Why? What?
Thank you for doing the front cover.
I'll buy you a meal for driving me.
Just tell me!  We're not close enough to communicate through eyes.
- Answer. Let's stop avoiding each other.
- That's right.
Wow, I'm so good!
I was...
...being fooled?
Gosh.
Sorry.
- Come earlier.
- Sure.
Won Bin and Lee Na Young's Childcare Methods.
[Won Bin and Lee Na Young's Childcare Methods]
How do they raise their children?
I'll meet him and ask.
Are you able to meet him?
I'll try and invite them.
Fine, go ahead and do it. Hopefully, it will get sold out on the day of the company's anniversary.
Yes.
You can't go to a fashion magazine by interviewing a celebrity.
Don't give me items you want to do, give me some that you can do!
Next.
Did you find a columnist?
What about your friend that leeches off of you in your home?
He's a single father and his profile is good, too.
Yoon Jaeyoung?
He doesn't know anything.
Doha, do you want Japanese food, too?
Since you grew up so much, shall we try and eat this?
Since you grew up a lot, I think you can eat this.
His character is funny.
It's more fun to feature an amateur than an expert parent.
Try recruiting him.
I'm back so let's have a team dinner.
- Yeah.
- Try to schedule something with the advertising team.
Today, could we go to my regular place? I'll liaise with them.
Since it's a team dinner, should we eat sashimi?
Let's eat Korean beef.
- What?
- They're always trying to get something out of us, huh?
[I want to make a sperm donation...]
No way! If it's on the company, then we should just eat Korean beef!
[I want to make a sperm donation. I heard that there are a lot of females struggling to get pregnant. Height of 180 cm, IQ of 148.]
[Blood type O. I am a student at Korea University that took part in the special forces. I want to help those who really need sperm.]
Your food is here.
Do you want to eat this or this?
Trust in me and try and eat this.
Brand name foods are the best.
Do they sell bean paste soup?
You pooped, didn't you?
Right here. Here.
[Restroom]
Hold on.
Do they not have a changing table in the men's restroom?
[Baby Lounge]
It's full.
What are you doing?
I'm sorry, sorry.
It's okay.
We're home. It's okay.
Dad's sorry. Hold on.
I'm sorry.
Doha, you're embarrassed. Right? I'm sorry, I'll hurry and change your diaper.
Sir, are you raising a child on the streets?
Why are you making this kid suffer?
Don't put trash in the stroller
and instead put your baby in there.
That isn't mine. That's his.
Is it your friend's?
He's not my friend.
He must be from a different area.
How do I look homeless?
Isn't it weird if you can't tell right when you look at him?
He's obviously homeless.
You are homeless.
Doha, this is the outfit I bought earlier.
It's a bit small.
Is that so? What's scary?
Look here.
How long has it been?
I wondered about you a lot after you left.
I thought so, so I came to see you.
Because that was a trip.
It's a relief that you had enough mental space to think of buying a present.
- Did you start working again?
- Yes.
You need to put in the effort yourself to fit with others.
You'll gain confidence within large groups.
Confidence...
Can't I just rely on my beliefs?
Senior!
Oh, that looks like it hurts.
It's because I'm wearing it for the first time.
You can't give up on heels?
The heels are part of the legs.
Well, I mean, I also used to wear heels a lot in my twenties.
But your knees will go bad. Comfortable is the best.
Did I sound like an oldie?
At least you know that.
I'm going to go to the pharmacy.
Aunt!
See you.
Either babies or children?
Aren't they the same thing?
I don't want to.
Are a lot of staff coming? I don't really want a lot of people there.
No, I'll do it myself.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
Let me see. Did...
Geez!
Ow!
- Gosh!
- Oh my gosh!
Are you okay?
Please wait here for a bit.
Put it down. Put it down.
It's not heavy.
That's why you should give it to me.
You're not one of those people who doesn't like getting help from men, right?
No, it's my work. It's really not heavy.
Let go, I got it. I'll put it down there.
Am I supposed to be suspicious of you today?
Or do I have to misunderstand you?
Is it weird that I'm being nice?
Very. A lot.
Now that I think about it, we've unexpectedly bumped into each other a couple of times.
Are we fated?
We're ill-fated.
Ah, ill-fated...
Don't hate me so much.
It's harder to hate than like.
What does that mean?
Well...
You have a bruise on your forehead.
What is this?
I was about to misunderstand.
Why are you coming when I told you to stay there?
What are you doing?
Your heels hurt, right?
You're even interested in my heels. This is a little awkward.
Right? I could misplace it.
I'll just accept this.
Just be my work colleague.
Okay.
He usually doesn't understand what I'm trying to say.
It's so awkward.
Chunwang bought 2,000 strawberry-flavored tubes of toothpaste.
Kiwi bought 1,000 packs of cotton soft baby wipes.
Orders have been confirmed.
Hold on. Just toothpaste...?
Yes.
- Can you brush your teeth with only toothpaste?
- No.
Then, what do you need?
I need a toothbrush.
I'll give you, who knows that info, another chance.
Try to work in a toothbrush, too.
Okay.
What did I tell you before? That the basis for sales is through the maintenance of networking.
When you visit them once, try to visit them twice.
And, of course, you need to check every little small thing precisely.
- Keep this in your mind!
- Yes, I will.
Earlier, I saw that reporter Choi Hyojoo's right heel was torn up,
so I went and bought a band-aid.
This kid...
You're a kid that understands ten things even if I only teach you one.
Well done! Customers are important, but
your reputation at work shouldn't be taken lightly.
Especially, the publishing reporters.
I told you that they're our enemies, right?
You need to make them come to your side!
Yes, I understand!
What's this? A skirt? What does she wear?
Why did you wash up today? Is it a special day?
No, Doha's poop got onto my clothes.
Doha's such a great daughter, making her dad wash up.
Is she sleeping?
Yes.
I don't see your laundry.
We should do our laundry ourselves, not have someone else do it.
I need to start working, but because Doha's so young, it's a big problem.
I can't let her stay in a daycare center all day long either.
Geez, my back. My disc...
With how much child assault is going on, I don't know if there's anybody I can trust.
It would be nice if it was someone I knew.
Why does my wrist hurt so much? I think it's carpal terminal syndrome.
Are you going on vacation?
It's called carpal tunnel syndrome.
That's right. That's it.
Yeah, you shouldn't push yourself at your age.
It's not easy raising a child.
I feel like it's harder to raise a child these days.
Even though I'm raising her roughly, it's hard.
Back in the day, I raised Hari while holding her on my back and running the business.
Even though it was hard, Hari was so good.
She was so gentle and she laughed so much.
They're babies for only a moment but that lasts a while.
I can watch Doha occasionally
and you can leave her with someone else but who would watch your kid like you would?
The time you spend raising her now
will stay with her forever.
[How about we meet up to negotiate?]
[Ooen Coffee]
[There is no method in our country for an unmarried woman to obtain a sperm donor.]
Hello.
By chance, are you...
"I'm the best (baby) producer?"
Yes, hello! That's me.
Please sit.
I'm 180 cm tall.
My IQ is 148. My blood type is O.
I was in the special forces, and I'm a student at Hanguk University.
There's no doubt that my sperm is the best.
The best class... Yes.
Yes, yes. Please give it to me. Thank you.
Hot!
So,
I haven't really... definitively decided to get a donor right now.
But I wanted to know how this system works.
Should I call it a preliminary inspection? I'm also a reporter.
I feel the urge to investigate things.
A reporter?
No! The thing is... I'm not a news reporter.
Magazines. Magazines. The magazines you see at the hair salon.
We don't put out articles...
Still...
By chance, if I were to receive your donation, wouldn't one have to get some information first?
How you provide and receive the semen. Whether it's safe.
It wouldn't be a free donation, right?
I do this out of a sense of duty.
For people who desperately want a child. Isn't it the same whether it's a sperm donation or an organ donation?
Whether it's to save a life or to birth a life, it's the same.
Well, that's why I do this work so... In good faith, I charge ten million won.
- Ten million won?
- Yes.
It's something I would do until you get pregnant. Isn't that such a low price?
Are there a lot of people that agree to this?
As you can see, I'm so superior. Once they see me, they do agree.
How many brothers and sisters are there that don't know one another in this world?
If you think about it like this, it's not something you can do.
Oh. Yes. Well, that's true.
And more than anything, it's most important to have a healthy child.
That's why instead of doing an IVF or artificial insemination,
they receive it through natural pregnancy.
Natural pregnancy?
Yes. We align with their ovulation period and every night.
Every night?
Every night! It's hard to be successful with just one time.
The truth is, it's hard for me physically.
But because I think about it as public service, I do it with a happy heart.
If you'd like to move forward, please contact me.
I noticed this from before...
but you're my type, so I'll treat you well every night.
This punk has lost his mind! You must've gotten hit in the head with a rock.
Stay right there. I'm going to call the police.
This old lady suddenly went crazy.
Old lady?! You said your vision is 2.0, huh?
That was a lie, wasn't it? I bet you didn't even go to Hanguk University!
You're just doing this horrible thing without any self-awareness.
You're the one who wanted to do it! What horrible thing did I do?
Be quiet! Be quiet!  Be quiet. I'm reporting you right now.
- Give it.
- Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey, mister!
It's you, right? We're the police division.
We've received a report for illegal sperm donation and forgery. You impersonated a Hanguk University student, right?
- Let's go together.
- No.
You came at the right time. I was reporting him right now.
Please hurry and take him away. He's a really bad man!
You should go, too.
Me? Why?
You've been caught at the dealing site.
I didn't buy it.
It's true. I didn't even get to see his sperm.
Do you want to get handcuffed?
You brought the car, right?
Let's go.
They're coming down.
Please say one thing.
Hey! Be careful.
- Please move
- They're coming.
Say a word, please! Say a word.
We're from the TV show "Unbelievable Incidents," can you tell us...
I have nothing to say!
- Say a few words, please!
- Please move!
I feel so wronged.
This whole situation is not fair.
Can you say more about that?
Hold on.
Can you share what's unfair?
Detective, I— I was really scared.
I was so scared he might be part of a crime ring or something!
I only went there to do my job as a journalist.
Look at my hands trembling.
I don't have the guts to commit a crime.
You must have a really high arrest rate.
Live normally.
What does that mean?
Abide by the laws and live like everyone else.
Of course, I need to follow the law.
But there is such a thing as an individual's happiness that can't be protected by law and institution.
Miss Jang Hari, if you keep coming at me, then the investigation gets longer.
When did I come at you?
[Police Station]
Yes.
[Hankuk University College of Medicine, Yoon Jaeyoung]
I'm here to verify her identity. I'm Yoon Jaeyoung.
You're an attorney?
I'm a doctor, Department of Pediatrics and Youth.
Did you say something to her?
[Hankuk University College of Medicine, Yoon Jaeyoung]
You are a doctor at the Department of Pediatrics and Youth at Hankuk University.
You're the one who contacted that scumbag on the online forum for infertile patients.
Tell me the truth about the deal.
Like I said.
It's correct that I'm a doctor, and it's correct that you are a detective. Right?
You have nothing more than circumstantial evidence of her at the scene.
But instead of getting a witness statement from her,
you are interrogating her.
You... did you give money to that guy?
I'd rather help the poor.
See, it was because of her strong curiosity and her strong will to act that she's like this,
but she's not the type to break the law.
Didn't you get a lot of awards and prizes for good conduct in school?
Yeah, I was the community service leader.
If you get to know frauds, they're all kinds.
You would have to get to know them to know,
but I can tell well by looking.
So that is why I'm testifying with my name on the line.
Are you sure you were working undercover?
Yes.
All right, since there was no money transaction and I've verified her identity, we can go now. Right?
Her identity's been verified, so you're free to go.
Get up. Let's go.
Yeah, let's go.
You're able to proudly hold your head up?!
Because I didn't do anything wrong.
Wow, you're so shameless.
You have a lot of things that you're bad at, but out of those, lying is the worst.
What do you mean you were working undercover?
What were you going to do with that sperm-selling man?
I want to have a baby.
What? With a 24-year-old?
Don't you say you love him! I'm going to kill you.
No, I was told it was a donation.
But he said it was ten million won. It sounds like a scam, right?
You were going to give money to buy sperm?
The baby is sleeping. Curse me out quietly.
Of all things, you're really doing the craziest things.
You were going to become crazy because you couldn't marry, but are you really crazy?
I'm not marrying, I just want to have a baby.
It's whatever. Just because I tell you, doesn't mean you'll understand nor do I wish you'll understand.
You really went crazy, huh?
This could be a problem ethically.
But isn't it weird? That it's only ethical if a man and woman marry and have kids?
There's no way an unmarried woman can have a child.
So you'll do it alone?
I found out everything.
What to do?
I don't have thoughts about illegally having a child.
And I know I shouldn't have even researched about it, so I'm reflecting.
You're not reflecting on wanting to have a baby by yourself?
Okay, I know why you don't want to get married and how disturbingly you like children.
But can't you just marry and have a child like normal?
I'm doing this to live normally.
I'm 39.
Even now, I still hope to meet the man of my dreams when I step outside those doors.
But the reality is that they call me "old lady."
I don't exactly know what is considered normal living,
but I don't want to not do the things that I can do just because others frown upon it.
Having no choice and just living life as it goes,
39 is too young for that.
But...
Why did you bring the baby outside without a blanket? It's cold.
Hey, grab it.
I want to eat this. His is bigger.
They're the same.
No, his is bigger.
Give me the same thing as his.
Eat it.
Hey, kids!
Don't do that!
- Did it get on your clothes?
- Are you okay?
Oh, goodness...
Don't cry. Don't cry.
Oh no, don't cry.
Who can take care of the baby?
Here, here.
I don't even hold my nephew.
- Can you take care of the baby? My feet hurt suddenly.
- My arm is hurting...
Why does your arm hurt all of a sudden?
Is there no one who can look after this baby?
I came.
Jang Hari, the baby is crying.
Why are you scared?
If a baby is crying, you need to hold them like this
and comfort her. Right?
Oh, poor baby, was it that upsetting? I hear you.
Oh, who did this to you? Goodness.
Right.
♫ All the way over there ♫
♫ I see you, my heart flutters ♫
♫ Did you know words like these ♫
♫ You, who has had my heart from the beginning ♫
♫ Even with my eyes closed and ears blocked ♫
♫ My heart once again... ♫
I feel rescued.
♫ If you are listening to this song, ♫
♫ Know that you are my truth ♫
Oh, so cute! Smile for the camera.
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
♫ No matter how you appear ♫
Face, this way!
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
Good. Your face, this way!
♫ I will protect you ♫
Dongha, look here! Great.
Great.
♫ Stay next to me ♫
Feed each other.
♫ Stay here ♫
See here! Here.
♫ Even if I lose sight of you ♫
Hawon, turn around. Okay?
♫ You are so beautiful ♫
♫ You're the only one in my heart ♫
All right.
Why?
I'm buying the beer.
No.
I'll buy the meal, too.
Thank you for helping me with the photo shoot.
Correct. My goodness!
Why do you hate kids?
Well does everybody have to like kids?
Well, no, but I was wondering if you had a specific reason.
No, nothing like that.
What if you need to film with kids again like today? I won't be able to help you every time.
Why don't you practice occasionally by helping us out?
Do I just need to practice?
Yeah, why can't you?
If you find something to adore, then they'll become adorable; and if you try to like them, then it'll become real.
Saying you hate them is the problem, isn't it?
Do you want me?
Will you do it if I want you?
No.
I knew it.
Can I ask you a personal question?
Am I a bachelor because I don't like kids?
- How did you know?
- It's always like that.
It must be a question you get asked a lot.
Let's just say that.
What if someone you love appears?
And you suddenly get a baby?
There's no way.
I'm actually more of an iron wall than you think.
You never wanted to become a father?
No. No way. Never.
Why do I have nothing to wear?
Ah, I put it here.
When did I do the laundry?
What is this?
What's this?
Wow, he's crazy.
Lee Jaeyoung, why I ought to—
- You want food?
- No.
I guess this is how I get to use my self-defense skills.
Wait!  Why do you beat him starting this morning?
I need to teach this punk a lesson. This cuckoo punk.
You put your dirty laundry into my laundry basket? I know you went through my room. What'd you steal?
I thought my sister would do at least that much for me.
Considering how much I was cooperative on your secretive investigation.
Cooperation isn't easy.
How dare you throw that dirty, disgusting foot at me.
Oh, this is wrinkled. You should've told me you had laundry. I would've done it for you.
You said you'd do your own laundry. Just put it in the hamper. I'll do it all together. Eat before you go.
Oh okay!
Should I remove my laundry from the hamper?
Just leave it! I shall wash your laundry for you!
- I'll make it clean for you.
- Let go!
That annoying cuckoo punk!
Aunt!
Let's go together!
Isn't the weather cold?
Aunt! Did you eat breakfast?
Yes, I ate it.
Goodbye.
Aunt, lunch at the cafeteria today?
Oh, yeah.
Goodbye. I'll see you later.
Ah, right. Today is the company dinner, Aunt. You're going, right?
Not sure.
Okay. You're going.
Goodbye. Goodbye. Have a nice day.
Ah, right! Aunt, do you want to—
[Media that fills you up]
Mr. Eutteum, there is no such thing as "aunt" in the company.
There's only a coworker to another coworker. Do you understand?
Yes.
[Dachae Media]
What was that?
[Media that pursues and is filled with diversity]
[Beer Beerlic]
[Eat. Drink. Play]
Huh?
Woah, look over there.
[Why did that girl meet with the sperm donor swindler?]
Aunt— Ah! She's wearing the same clothes as Deputy Chief.
This whole situation is not fair.
Can you say more about that?
Drink up.
This woman, who claims she was just curious, is single.
She's also a reporter on child care.
She claims she was there for an undercover investigation;
however, our findings show that the magazine wasn't doing such an investigation.
I feel so wronged! I only contacted him out of curiosity. He said his sperm was superior.
I didn't buy it! I didn't even get to see it.
Would that be me? Is she really me? No way.
Oh, it looks exactly like your bruise.
Oh?
- Oh?
- Look at that.
She has it. She has it.
Oh my goodness, gosh...
We want to know...
Mom.
Come in.
- Mom.
- You're doing all kinds of things now. You tried to illegally buy sperm?
Out of all things, you find life boring and want to try and go to prison?
Aunt, hit her after you hear her out. She was an undercover journalist.
You know those reporters who go in secret? She's amazing.
Is that true?
Y-Yeah.
Looking at her expression, it must not be. Tell me the truth. Were you going to buy sperm?
Why would you buy sperm?
Mom.
I want to have a baby with a sperm donor.
I'm sorry for making you upset, but I'm not marrying.
Just because you marry doesn't mean you live well. Also, Mom, I—
You want to raise a kid alone without marrying? Do you want to be a single mom?
- Mom, that—
- You don't know how hard it is to raise a kid by yourself. You're crazy!
I also raised you alone, so my heart aches when I see other single mothers.
"There must be a reason." People don't bother trying to understand. Even a mother who's raising a child alone.
They'll criticize her and say she's tough and has bad luck. It's enough that I had to hear it, why should you?
Then, do I live alone for the rest of my life?
What if I don't marry? What if you're gone, too?
Do I just live for myself? You said you live for me.
Without a family, do I just live alone, take care of myself, live well by myself, and die by myself?
I also want to live for someone else.
What a crazy girl. You, even after seeing how I lived,
how could you think about raising a kid by yourself?
You should think about getting married and living happily!
You raised me well without a husband!
No, I mean it was hard for you because Dad was there.
I grew up watching you and Dad fight.
Why would you tell me to marry when all you've shown me was a sad marriage life?!
Is it my fault that you didn't marry?
Did I tell you to learn after me?
Why is it my fault for your wrong choice?
What did I do wrong?
Is it wrong that I don't want to marry because I don't want to live like you?
Stop it.
Aunt, calm down and let's talk tomorrow.
Get out. You shouldn't mess up your life after seeing me.
Since you're so great, get out
and live as you want. Get out!
Get out! Hurry and get out!
Go outside.
♫  The short season passes  ♫
♫  You, who I have waited for, finally came  ♫
♫  At the end of the long day  ♫
♫  As  always you are standing there.  ♫
♫ Like a dream, ♫
♫ your name enters my heart ♫
♫ I try calling it one last time ♫
- Are you okay?
- Yes.
♫ I'm still with you, in the same moment ♫
♫ I'm still with you, I want to stay by your side ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my painful days  ♫
♫ Goodbye, all my lonely days ♫
Don't cry.
What are you doing right now?
You said to pat when they're crying.
Am I a baby?
You're like a baby.
Thank you.
I would like it if you didn't ask me what's happening.
I wasn't going to since a person could die from embarrassment.
I'm so pathetic.
I'm 40 the day after tomorrow, but why am I so immature?
It's okay, unless you leave the house because you are being yelled at by your mother when you are almost 40.
I'm 41 and I still don't know what an adult is.
The body ages, but the soul doesn't get old, you want to have nice things.
You get upset when you hear unpleasant things.
Suffering a loss is still unfair. I still feel everything I felt as a kid, so I don't get what's so different about being 40.
There aren't many good things as you age.
But if there are good things, that would be to have a good judge of character.
Even if the weird woman on TV is you, I know one thing.
You're a good person.
Hari!
What are you doing after fighting with Aunt?
Who fought with Mom?
Look at you.
We meet again.
Why are you here to find me? I was about to go in.
So why did you go outside wearing someone else's shoes?
Those are expensive and precious. Hurry and change.
What are you doing?
W-What are you doing? Wear it and let's go home.
Let's go.
We live together.
- What are you saying?
- Let's go!
You are loud.
- Loud? What do you mean? I have the quietest voice!
- My goodness!
You were hanging out with that guy out there?
Do you really have to say it like that?
I just want to stop for today. Let's be quiet.
I'm not being sarcastic.
Whatever others say, you do whatever you want
without thinking of others.
What's with you suddenly? Go inside.
I submitted my resignation letter at the hospital.
You still have a leave of absence. Weren't you trying to be a professor?
As a single parent, how am I supposed to find time to lecture, meet patients, and write publications?
Even though it's such a pity and it feels unfair.
What am I going to do? Just live.
Just live? How?
I am going to open a hospital with the money I earned from selling my house. That's why I moved into your house.
I've been living without any plans after I was abandoned with my child.
But in the midst of that, that little thing became something I could lean on.
How can I understand you entirely?
But you need someone and if that's a baby, then I completely understand.
I'm a father.
You will also live your life as it comes.
As an opening present, I will give you an appearance in our magazine.
You can get published and even write a medical piece.
That would be great.
However...
How about we give Doha an appearance, too?
Jaeyoung, Doha is only pretty in our eyes.
What are you saying? Doha is pretty because she takes after me.
- I can't give her an appearance because she looks like you. Go in.
- There you go.
I'm going to do an interview.
Where are you going? You must have something to tell me.
There's nothing.
No, you definitely have something to tell me. Go into the conference room.
Hey, wait! You didn't shoot the probiotics ad yet, right?
- Why?
- They asked us to recommend a doctor.
You know a pediatrician, right?
I know a medical doctor who would do very well.
I shall cast him.
You could give him a phone call.
Is that the reporter who likes to run?
I don't know.
Why isn't it working?
It looks fine.
Suho!
Go and fetch the doctor.
Doctor, we are ready for a test shoot.
Oh, please stand on the mark here.
Just tell me.
The woman who got caught trying to buy sperm is you, right?
- No.
- Wow!
You're such an adventurous woman! Are you going to keep looking for sperm?
Don't be like that and just do a project with a man.
If I do that, feelings are going to get complicated.
And there will be a problem even if the man says he'll take responsibility.
And if I have the baby without him knowing, then won't I end up in a fiery pit? That's against moral ethics.
I just think it's best to get someone's sperm with their consent.
Like a Hollywood movie? They usually get it from a drunk coworker or a friend.
I don't know any men.
Hello.
This is the product. It sends you straight to the bathroom.
Oh, wow.
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫
♫  I only look at you like this  ♫
♫ Only you!  You... ♫
♫ With a fluttering heart, ♫
[Oh My Baby]
♫ I will approach you ♫
Don't look at her.
The look in her eyes says she's up to something crazy. If you acknowledge her, you're done for.
Where are you all going together?
Why do you guys live together if you are friends?
Can we not live together?
We are in that kind of relationship.
He's dangerous. He has the physiognomy of a scammer.
You really think I'd fall head over heels for a bad boy and get burned?
Only make mistakes with me.
Don't fall for some random guy just because you're lonely.
Younger specimens will have better sperm, right?
♫ You... ♫
♫ My heart beats and I can't say anything ♫